Tell me, what do you need?
I need
A new identity
That pair of shameless cheaters doesn’t know
I’ve been released
If we don’t want to alert them
I need a new identity
What are you planning to do?
I want to find out
the true cause of my son’s death
So the mastermind
will get what they deserve
How is my daughter?
Your new identity
My daughter’s name was Ye Qi Luo
She hasn’t appeared in public for years
No one knows she passed away
Everyone thinks she’s studying abroad
From now on
You’ll be Ye Qi Luo who just returned from overseas
Sweetheart
Let me tell you some good news
Move away
You stink
Today I drank with my boss
Guess who will attend the celebration this Saturday?
Our new shareholder
So what if they’re coming?
What does it have to do with you?
Do you know who the new shareholder is?
President Wen from Xiang Jie Group
Wen Zhu Qing, famous in the business world
Wen Zhu Qing, renowned in the business world.